tagPXNCFF1=Necromancer's
tagPXNCFF2=Ranger's
tagPXNCFF3=Fangshi's
tagPXNCFF4=Cenobite's

tagPXNCFFB_1=Deathlord's
tagPXNCFFB_2=Sniper's
tagPXNCFFB_3=Xianren's
tagPXNCFFB_4=Cleric's

tagPXNCFFB_1_7=Death Knight's
tagPXNCFFB_1_8=Dragoon's
tagPXNCFFB_1_9=Kensai's
tagPXNCFFB_1_10=Templar's
tagPXNCFFB_2_7=Efreet's
tagPXNCFFB_2_8=Gunslinger's
tagPXNCFFB_2_9=Fire Diviner's
tagPXNCFFB_2_10=Zoroastrian's
tagPXNCFFB_3_7=Demonologist's
tagPXNCFFB_3_8=Demon Hunter's
tagPXNCFFB_3_9=Thaumaturge's
tagPXNCFFB_3_10=Witch Acolyte's
tagPXNCFFB_4_7=Dread Assassin's
tagPXNCFFB_4_8=Slayer's
tagPXNCFFB_4_9=Ninja's
tagPXNCFFB_4_10=Templar Assassin's
tagPXNCFFB_5_7=Archlich's
tagPXNCFFB_5_8=Der Freisch¨¹tz's
tagPXNCFFB_5_9=Astrologer's
tagPXNCFFB_5_10=Diviner's
tagPXNCFFB_6_7=Spirit Walker's
tagPXNCFFB_6_8=Wild Hunter's
tagPXNCFFB_6_9=Geomancer's
tagPXNCFFB_6_10=Witch Doctor's
tagPXNCFFB_7_8=Witcher's
tagPXNCFFB_7_9=Exorcist's
tagPXNCFFB_7_10=Shadow Priest's
tagPXNCFFB_8_9=Disenchanter's
tagPXNCFFB_8_10=Inquisitor's
tagPXNCFFB_9_10=Anchorite's

tagSXNCFF_07=of Azrael
tagSXNCFF_08=of Dead Shot
tagSXNCFF_09=of Five Elements
tagSXNCFF_10=of Paradise

tagSXNCFF2_07=of Living Dead
tagSXNCFF2_08=of Ruthless Hunter
tagSXNCFF2_09=of Truth Seeker
tagSXNCFF2_10=of Crusader

tagEPNCFF_H_01=Circlet of Taboo
tagEPNCFF_H_02=Hunter's Visor
tagEPNCFF_H_03=Blue Cloud Crown
tagEPNCFF_H_04=Justicar's Helm
tagEPNCFF_H_05=Skull of Dominator
tagEPNCFF_H_06=Miraclice
tagEPNCFF_H_07=Mask of Firecon
tagEPNCFF_H_07S=Conflagration
tagEPNCFF_H_07SD=Your body filled with the flame of rage.
tagEPNCFF_H_08=Wretch
tagEPNCFF_H_08S=Preemptive Strike
tagEPNCFF_H_08SD=A preemptive strike can deal fatal damage. However it will take a while when out of combat to reset the effect.{^n}{^n}^oThis ability must be toggled to maintain its effect.
tagEPNCFF_H_08SS=Preemptive Strike - Reset
tagEPNCFF_H_09=Arcane Vision
tagEPNCFF_H_10=Crown of Sword King
tagEPNCFF_H_11=Helm of Earth Spirit
tagEPNCFF_H_12=Samadhi Crown
tagEPNCFF_H_13=Sacred Faceguard
tagEPNCFF_H_14=Thunder Hood
tagEPNCFF_H_14S=Thunder Ward
tagEPNCFF_H_14SD=The ward of thunder shields you from harm.
tagEPNCFF_H_15=Evil Crown of Thorns
tagEPNCFF_H_101=Fallen Knight's Face

tagEPNCFF_S_01=Pauldrons of Abyss
tagEPNCFF_S_02=Commandant Epaulets
tagEPNCFF_S_03=Mantle of Poison Ivy
tagEPNCFF_S_04=Shoulderguards of Holy Flame
tagEPNCFF_S_05=Bone Shoulderguard
tagEPNCFF_S_06=Wild Stalker's Mantle
tagEPNCFF_S_07=Blue Cloud Mantle
tagEPNCFF_S_08=Justicar's Shoulderguard

tagEPNCFF_C_01=Undertaker's Cloth
tagEPNCFF_C_02=Chivalrous Chestguard
tagEPNCFF_C_03=Blue Cloud Raiment
tagEPNCFF_C_04=Blessing Breastplate
tagEPNCFF_C_05=Shadow Suit
tagEPNCFF_C_06=Annihilate Robes
tagEPNCFF_C_07=Jacket of Battleground
tagEPNCFF_C_08=Woods Keeper's Jacket
tagEPNCFF_C_09=Jacket of Sword Dance
tagEPNCFF_C_10=Vestment of Eidolon
tagEPNCFF_C_11=Templar Assassin's Shadow Coat
tagEPNCFF_C_12=Chosen Plate

tagEPNCFF_A_01=Nether Grasp
tagEPNCFF_A_02=Claw of Primeval Woodlurker
tagEPNCFF_A_03S=Bloodthirsty
tagEPNCFF_A_03SD=Crisis makes you bloodthirsty.
tagEPNCFF_A_03=Touch of Rock
tagEPNCFF_A_04=Divined Shoot Gloves
tagEPNCFF_A_05=Hands of Ghoul
tagEPNCFF_A_05S=Life Leech
tagEPNCFF_A_06=Chivalrous Gauntlets
tagEPNCFF_A_07=Weaved Green Gauntlets
tagEPNCFF_A_08=Dominate Bracers

tagEPNCFF_W_01=Cord of Ghoul
tagEPNCFF_W_02=Falconer's Belt
tagEPNCFF_W_03=Astal Chains
tagEPNCFF_W_04=Justicar's Waist Support
tagEPNCFF_W_05=Cremation Toolkit
tagEPNCFF_W_06=Ice Field Girdle
tagEPNCFF_W_07=Dragon Skin Girdle
tagEPNCFF_W_08=Coil of Chaos

tagEPNCFF_L_01=Pale Legguards
tagEPNCFF_L_02=Tricker's Trousers
tagEPNCFF_L_02S=Lightning Reflexes
tagEPNCFF_L_03=Blue Cloud Legwraps
tagEPNCFF_L_04=Lionheart Legplates 

tagEPNCFF_F_01=Steps of Ghoul
tagEPNCFF_F_02=Chivalrous Tales
tagEPNCFF_F_03=Haruhi
tagEPNCFF_F_04=Missionary Treads

tagEPNCFF_SET_01=Upper Blue Cloud
tagEPNCFF_SET_01b=Beyond Blue Cloud